The political system must be controllable.

Monitor the performance of government officials.

It moves in a direction that fulfills its intended goal.

In countries with weak political systems, perhaps...

It will be impossible to control the administrative mechanisms.

Government services often lack efficiency in their responses.

Responding to the needs of the people is being done in a way that...

That's slow.

For example, we have heard the word "I" (ข้า).

Is the government on hold?

Have you ever heard of this, or is it old news?

It's not commonly used, as current government officials might say.

Being too chill, right? If it's old-fashioned...

Tell me the reason why some civil servants are taking a slack off.

He might have done this because he noticed that...

Those currently in power are about to lose their power.

And what if a coalition government gets scrutinized or something like that?

Is it that we frequently open discussions or that we lack?

Civil servant freedom is often immediately addressed because...

Another correct point is that it prevents conflict.

He came because of the new management team.

Leave it in neutral, please.

But if the political system becomes strong, then we...

Try to observe how the system is driven.

The civil service would be very strong, like during your era.

Like Thaksin, or during your era?

Prayut, or the government that came from...

A coup d'état, but there will be a slight difference.

The point is, if it's a bureaucratic system where politicians...

A city with strong leadership and politicians...

Policies always come from the political side, but if...

The political party is weak.

The policy will likely come from the civil service.

The civil servants proposed it, then the politicians...

The city then adopted what the government officials proposed.

addapt is a private policy, or if...

Military juntas usually use...

This is because of the policies of the civil service.

That it was the same team from the start.

However, we might invite experts.

The special thing they call it is Techno-no, Techno-AT.

That is...

Have you ever heard this phrase, Ms. Academic?

Have you ever heard the word "techno-krom"? "Techno-kun"?

The female academic is going to become a government official.

Let's call them top-level civil servants, by the way.

Many of them graduated from overseas universities in the field of...

Something related to national development.

Okay, so here's the thing, and then when we're back, we'll...

Fast track means I've been reinstated to my position.

Something really tall, for example.

Once a military junta takes power, it often uses cutting-edge technology.

My role is to oversee policy implementation with the group.

Civil servants are permanent employees, but if they are politicians, then...

There are methods for controlling civil servants, which...

It depends, for example, if it were you.

Thaksin doesn't use AT technology much.

It's very rare, something like that, depending on the situation or...

It's also about the nature of a leader, but there are some aspects to it.

Kathin might also have CAT technology involved as a proportion.

Something like this, this is an overview.

Okay, I'll end this topic here for now.

Okay, we'll continue next time at...

The roles and responsibilities of the executive branch of the government are as follows:

There shouldn't be any more questions, right? Okay?

I want to go home now. Okay, thank you everyone.
