The key points of the House of Representatives are the same:

The power to appoint, you see.

Have you ever wondered why they have to be separated?

Why is it important that the chairman of the committee is also involved?

Why would anyone want to be one? It requires harder work.

Na

Let's look at the main duties of the committee first.

This is being done to find the facts, right?

Study any matter and report it to the council as required.

The specified time period, and it is defined as...

The duties of the minister responsible for this matter.

Is it something that they themselves will come and clarify?

He ordered the government officials under his supervision to come.

You can provide clarification or submit the documents as well.

And what are the functions of the main committees?

So, there are two parts to this. The first part is...

Consider the proposed legislation concerning the committee.

The self-appointed committee that I mentioned earlier.

Part of it is, for example, if someone comes to complain about something.

So, this is the relevant committee.

The relevant government agencies will be called in.

A relevant private sector organization approached and requested it.

Yes, for example, the case of the relevant commission.

This is related to, uh, the ministry that Ms. Ratchanok mentioned.

As for today, I invited Mr. Chaichanok.

Chidchob has been a minister many times but he hasn't shown up yet.

Things like the university president's office are another case altogether.

Okay, this example shows a case where there is a thought involved.

Regarding complaints and things like that, concerning...

Corruption or any form of misconduct.

So, a committee will be formed...

Why was a subcommittee set up to investigate?

That's just a general duty, you know.

Enshrined in law.

But there's another important function that's hidden beneath the surface.

So, those are various techniques, like what are some examples?

Some committees

What are the legal aspects of getting a tattoo?

Can I ask the judge right now...?

The person who will have the authority to interpret this current law...

Is this related to finance? Who is the president?

Do the parliament and the chairman of the committee get the picture now?

This means that these people have the right to exercise their discretion.

It is up to oneself to determine which law is the law.

Is it related to finances? If so,

What does "the prime minister is an expert" mean if, for example?

Just let's assume, and only assume, that the opposition party...

Opponents proposed legislation A, and a meeting was held.

We're done.

A government MP chairs the committee.

Even more than that, and let's say he's the Speaker of the House.

One might argue that the law is unrelated to finance.

Okay, if it's about finances, why would I need to sign it?

The Prime Minister has to sign it, but does the Prime Minister normally sign it for an MP?

It's difficult for the opposition to propose legislation, do you get the picture?

This is a political game at this level, and it's legal.

It means that not breaking any laws is another matter; this one is...

The illegal way it's been, from what I've heard in the news.

Someone was recently convicted for this offense...

Positions on the committee reviewing the budget.

They estimated the expenses and then used threats to extort money.

The Ministry of Finance and the civil servants are saying that if I want to approve the budget,

Estimate the amount you need to give me under the table.

This is news about a Pheu Thai MP who is reportedly annoyed.

The property of the Director-General of the Department of Immigration, or any other department.

The Ministry of Agriculture, you mean, doesn't have any cases like that?

Yes, this is an example of how it attracts people.

Many people want to be on the committee.

Because they possess a certain level of power.

Another duty of a Member of Parliament is to attend...

The term "removal of political office holders" is used.

And those holding positions in independent organizations...

What is a political position? It's about entering...

Nomination for removal.

Those are members of parliament, specifically the House of Representatives and the Senate.

Okay, or you can choose, the number must be no less than 1 in.

10 of the total number of members of each organization.

The council has the right to petition; that is, to write a petition.

The document submitted to the Speaker also specifies which Member of Parliament it is.

Does this mean he/she has ended their term as an MP?

Is the information incorrect or something?

If the Speaker of the House accepts the petition, they will forward it.

The complaint was submitted to the Constitutional Court for a ruling.

This is based on interpretation when the Constitutional Court makes a ruling.

Once the diagnosis is made, the information should be reported to the council, and finally...

The status of that Member of Parliament or Senator would then be terminated.

This is another case of self-removal.

One method is the removal of officeholders within an organization.

This independence is important, especially for Members of Parliament and Senators.

Yes, or from both houses of parliament, any quantity is fine.

Less than 1 in 5 of the total number of members.

With the existence of two chambers of parliament.

Or any citizen who signs the petition you have.

The right to vote isn't something just any citizen can exercise.

They must be citizens with the right to vote.

When fewer than 20,000 people are eligible to sign the petition.

Accused the NACC (National Anti-Corruption Commission).

Is there any illegal activity, such as maintaining normal circumstances?

Is it corruption or something like that? Or is it being used?

Powers that violate the constitution or laws.

No, it should be submitted to the President of the Parliament.

Did you notice anything?

How many organizations can be impeached?

How many organizations can MPs, Senators, and citizens withdraw from?

Only one organization, the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NACC), is eligible; other organizations are not included.

If we want to impeach someone, how do we do it? The NACC (National Anti-Corruption Commission) will handle

"Only you," he said. What does that mean?

This means that the law originated from the 6th minister.

This limits the power to scrutinize the organization.

The independence of members of parliament and the public is also ensured because...

Members of parliament and citizens have the right to submit petitions.

Only members of the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NACC) can be removed from office.

Now, if the Speaker of Parliament deems there is a valid reason...

The matter should be submitted to the President of the Supreme Court.

It's not over yet; the President of the Supreme Court will go and appoint...

Who are the people who established the independent center?

He obtained it because he considered it to have all the necessary qualities.

Something like that, and then when it's finished...

give

Uh, the independent investigator has submitted his opinion.

The matter was then forwarded to the President of the Supreme Court for further consideration.

That's where we can see that it's not finished in that step.

It's not that the parliament voted on it.

Then it can be removed immediately, it doesn't need to be sent to...

The Chief Justice of the Supreme Court also made a ruling.

We can't do it ourselves anymore; we have to appoint an independent investigator.

He offered his opinion, but ultimately it was President Salida's decision.

It will be the person who makes the final decision, so...

Is it difficult? Yes, it's very difficult to disassemble.

Withdraw from independent membership.

Another one that falls under the authority and responsibilities of Members of Parliament.

Similarly, this is about giving approval to an individual.

Being prime minister is straightforward; it simply means showing off the selection process.

The Prime Minister, right?

Another equally important aspect is amendments and additions.

The constitution needs to be amended by the Cabinet or a certain number of Members of Parliament.

Not less than 1 in 5 of the total number of members.

All of the existing members of the House of Representatives or...

Or, in both houses of parliament, there's a considerable number of them.

More than 1 in 5 of the original members have 2.

The parliament or the majority of the people who have the right to vote.

Fewer than 50,000 people are eligible to sign the petition.

You can unlock the constitution.

This concludes the core duties and responsibilities of Thai Members of Parliament.

The main duties and responsibilities are related to...

Proposing legislation to consider laws governing powers and duties in...

It's about monitoring and controlling the performance of the management team.
