It's very risky for these lower-class people to do this.

What affects the interests of the elite?

The upper class wouldn't accept it, and don't forget they have power.

It's similar to what I often say; we'll get to it in chapter 6.

I agree that America is a country.

It's a liberal democracy, right? But...

The military minister is under civilian control.

But with a civilian government, you must not involve the military.

Whether it's losing benefits or saying something, go ahead and do it.

Nothing should be done to tarnish the honor of the military.

The reason is very simple: why shouldn't we get involved?

With a military of that size, if they want to buy weapons, then let them.

Within the correct budgetary channels, that is.

It's all part of the budget process; the reason is very simple.

Why not mess with the military and make them unhappy?

Do you know why? Because the military has tanks.

If they have guns, we're in trouble; they also have bombs.

It was thrown at you; did you manage to escape? Did you see that?

Let's go.

But some people in Thai society are so obsessed with the military.

During that time, they created the Cambodian incident.

Why [laughter] do those people lack courage?

Whatever you said is correct. I'll explain later.

You didn't mishear, but it was said from different perspectives.

That's it, from a different perspective and at a different time.

If it's inappropriate, then say so; this is just an example, don't do it.

Don't be nosy, don't offend the esteemed class or the nobility.

High-ranking or powerful people are...

When I talk about this, I still talk to you all about it.

There was a time when fashion was the dominant trend.

You shouldn't insult your elders. I told you you shouldn't.

The younger generation also follows the pro-democracy movement, but...

You have to show respect to Uncle Tu (Prayut Chan-o-cha) at that time.

You have to respect him; he's the one who...

As elders, you must show respect to Uncle Pom.

Can you picture that, Mr. Prawit?

Watch him from afar. You don't know what will happen, but you...

Try getting closer, and you'll understand these people.

He's incredibly talented.

They're incredibly talented, beyond compare. You're not that talented.

While you're there, remember this: don't insult him.

The only thing to study is why he was there.

Then you'll realize just how capable he is.

But perhaps the image is irrelevant to romantic imagery.

He's more interested in the power in his hands than in those people.

Look closely, that's exactly what Mr. Easter said.

That governance by the majority must be created.

The middle class is able to compromise.

Both the upper and lower classes can participate.

Can you visualize it from the small triangle apex?

That wide base turned into a chin-like shape, huh? (poity)

We need to compromise. I'm calling on Thailand.

It was quite far away, we saw the image at that moment.

We got Mr. Setthawat as Prime Minister again when the Pheu Thai party came back into power.

Wow, we didn't expect to see this. We didn't expect to see a picture like this.

Mr. Prayut and Mr. Settha can join hands.

The fact that they can smile at each other—that's the picture of...

Compromise is a beautiful thing to do in a political setting.

In our city, we shouldn't just focus on what pleases us; we should look at the bigger picture as well.

On one hand, we see our dismounting from the tiger.

Oh, how dignified you look, Mr. Prayut, as you step down from the...

He got behind the tiger without getting hurt.

It was before, but now it's become incredibly huge.

The Privy Councilors, on the other hand, could also rise to power.

So what happened in the end? Mr. Thaksin managed to come back.

Wow, that's amazing! This is progress!

One aspect of politics that involves compromise.

What is the compromise that can move forward regarding the orange section?

We'll talk about this later. This is poi and poity.

It's kind of like an indirect regime, you see?

Yeah, that thought of later, but it's really important.

Today is better than... well, actually, for us, the teacher usually...

I prefer to go home after class if it's my second subject.

Actually, I could have gone home by 6:30 PM today, that's why I came.

A little bit

Exactly full time. We'll see each other again soon.

Let's talk about it next Wednesday. We'll discuss it now.

Thank you very much. Thank you so much. Hello.
