Okay students, today in POL 3128

we will continue with the content we discussed in...

Last week, as you students probably remember... The

professor talked about the difficulties in...

Finding the reasons, especially... The

search for what we call "identity".

Cause and effect, or what's called "

Cality" in English, was discussed an hour ago. The

professor spoke for the entire hour, the entire session.

During our meeting, the teacher told us a story. Let me

tell you, Shiraf has people...

Linking the environmental theme to giraffes... They

said the giraffe was struggling to survive because...

Because he altered himself, making his neck longer.

So, eating food at high altitudes... what does that even mean? Yes, that

means the tree is the cause.

Make the neck of the sage long. And,

unbelievably, because... The

person who came up with this idea is... well, you know... a researcher. A

scientist who enjoys exploration. The

research is by Chonlas Dararwin, Chonlas Dararwin.

Students probably have heard the name Dararwin before.

Yes, that's Darwin.

He explained that the reason giraffes have long necks is because...

Giraffes have to adapt to eating food in this environment. It's

high, which we are aware of now. Let's be clear, because

I'm not really like that. That's

because, uh, the giraffe...

His neck has been long since birth. And, specifically,

National Geographic has established a committee... The

committee members came up to find answers to this question. I wondered if he was

really gay or if he'd been gay since birth. And what we

discovered was that he'd been gay since birth. It's about

birth, okay?

Therefore, the professor concluded by saying that it was correct.

This serves as a cautionary tale because...

Even things that we can see with our eyes.

Sometimes we even take certain things or certain items. Don't link them

together, please.

Without giving it much thought or considering whether it was true or not,

there's another issue in the United States... It

happened around the

1960s. There was a belief...

One thing is certain: the reason Americans kill... There were a

lot of deaths, you know, in one year... There have been over

5,000 suicides due to... The

reason so many people commit suicide is because...

Because there's something that makes it easy.

Regarding suicide, the main cause is cooking gas.

Household boiling using gas stoves. Back then was

different from now.

This is an advanced technology; it uses high-gas content.

American households are often stigmatized as... He

's the culprit behind so many suicides, which

sounds funny because of how people would do that.

Self-inflicted karma isn't because...

Suddenly, there was a gas leak that made it easy and then... It's

not that you can commit suicide, I mean...

In some analysts, it's been treated as a story.

He said it was because of the gas. It was this very

substance that caused the deaths of over

5,000 people in those years. I ca

n't remember the exact year, but it was around 1960s, maybe 62, 63, or 64. And

then, how exactly did you explain it?

Explain, for example, describe it like this. The

gas used for boiling is called mogas [laughter].

Nowadays we use natural gas, which is natural gas in general.

This mogas contains a certain substance...

It is a substance called carbon.

Okay, so it's easy because...? Because...

Because it has no smell, no pungent odor, and no discomfort.

Okay,

if you ingest this directly, you'll be unconscious within 10 or 15 minutes.

First, the person is unconscious, then they bite the airway.

It's convenient to commit suicide.

Remember that, rather than doing it any other way.

When we heard that, it sounded like... well, what exactly was it?

It's kind of funny because you're linking one thing to another. That

relates to one thing, it's... You

have to be careful, you really have to be careful. I mean, probably...

No, it can't be. It's probably not a gas-related issue.

Boiling water is a major cause of death.

We were thinking of committing suicide... There are

probably many other options; there should be more.

Some of them have problems with depression.

Sadly, some people have various illnesses.

It's not because there's gas, but that gas is... The

facilitator of this event. Yes, it's going

up, same here in San Francisco.

After the

Golden Gate Bridge was completed, some people

jumped into the water,

ending their own lives.

So I said, "It's all because of that bridge." This thing

that was created is why it has...

People flocked to go jumping.

Jumping into suicide sounds like a very karmic sin.

It seems so. It

sounds like it, but it's not really.

Yes, back then there was a debate about it.

More so after the Godinged Alliance was completed.

Therefore, high bridge railings should be built. It

prevents people from jumping into the water. It was reported

in the San Francisco news. The

question is, is it really convenient? It's

convenient to go straight to the Gogett Bridge and jump in.

To do this, it doesn't seem likely to be true.

No, that's unlikely. Someone who would do something like that must be... There are

other reasons, though; it's just that the gas is fine.

This bridge is nice and cool. It's

easily accessible and easy to do.

Yes, it's easy to do right here, just like... The

teacher said that

In the analysis to find cause and effect. To stay

united, we must have principles.

All these sources that the professor told me came from... From

last week to this week, we have to...

What are its underlying principles? Let's take a look. So,

what kind of answer are we giving? The

root cause of the mites, you see, should be...

What are the components?

Uh

[coughing sound] The

professor happens to be feeling unwell, coughing.

Wiggling

Sometimes, permission is needed to administer injections or spray medication,

not to inject people with drugs. That

's

part of the analysis.

To find cause and effect, what is needed?

1.

Data is required. 2. A framework or perspective is needed. In

English, it's called a conceptual framework. A

conceptual framework must have a framework, a set of

ideas, and it

must have a method, or what's called methodology.

In Thai textbooks,

most translate methodology as "

research methodology," which sounds like a complicated matter. The

research methodology was truly magnificent.

Okay, but the professor explained it simply: Methodology, in

simpler terms, means the method of study.

We have the information, we've identified the perpetrators, and now

we're going to study that case further.

In order to reach the conclusion, how do we study this? We have...

Simply put,

methodology is the way of studying something. Some people... It

means methodology, scientific methodology.

Some people call it methodology. There are quite a

few words, aren't there? 1. Research methodology

2. Science,

methodology... there are many words, but overall...

It is a method of study.

We use simple language to communicate so it's easy to understand. How do

we study this? The

professor will go into detail on each topic.

Importantly, element number 4

already has the information and the conceptual framework. We

already have methods for studying this; we need

answers.

We want to find the cause and effect because...

So we need an answer. We

must have an answer. The

answer is, what techniques do we use to summarize?

What techniques do we use to summarize?

That what we were looking for was correct. Did

we really predict this, or did it happen as expected? The

assumptions we actually made.

What techniques do we use to answer

questions 3 and 4? They might sound complicated.

Okay, it might sound complicated, but the professor will... Let me

explain it to you, one step at a time. The

process is done step by step, element by element.

Then it will lead us on a path to finding the answers.

The stories are about...

Prior to the information.

When we talk about data...

Everyone understands what it is. How

will students be evaluated? Are

you satisfied with the professor's teaching? There

must be data,

right?

Data showing that we responded that students were satisfied with the method. Is it the

teacher's instruction?

Well, in order to answer that, we need the data. We

need the information, and teaching evaluation isn't like that. It's

difficult because the students will be in the room. In

this online class or listening session, if there are about

50 people, I would hand out questionnaires. Are you

satisfied with the professor's teaching methods? I'm

saying I'm satisfied with the professor's teaching methods.

Or maybe not? Perhaps asking like this is too broad. To answer a

broad question, we need to break it down point by point:

1. Was the professor prepared?

2. What content did the professor explain?

This is an explanation that is easy to understand.

3. The communication is clear.
