Using the language spoken, the

fourth point is to

answer the questions that the professor intends to

answer,

or to provide the knowledge that the students want to know.

To learn about that topic or subject.

Therefore, there are ways to find information, specifically the type of

information you mentioned earlier.

It means paying for a survey.

Distributing questionnaires to students for evaluation.

Professor, we call this data line...

This is primary data.

Primary data is preliminary data. Last time, I

remember that I...

Tell me about the demographic survey. A

census is essentially a survey of people.

All households throughout the country.

Which is not random sampling, nor is it picking.

Taking a random sample and then compiling it into

data for the entire country isn't the point.

Population sensing, or what is called a

sensus in English, is a method of...

Based on factual data. The

data in this student account is primary data.

Regarding primary data.

Now we need to understand. The

nature of primary data, or

primary sources, is that it is

raw data.

How many people are there in Thailand, categorized as follows?

How many women and how many men are there? What is the approximate age range?

Currently, there are many more age ranges available. The

increasing number of people every day is the period... The

era of the elderly.

Okay, for the elderly, there are

surveys on healthcare treatments that we call...

Primary data,

please.

Primary data. The

teacher gave an example.

Questions that ask about facts,

for example,

we say that currently there is democracy.

It is a political system that exists in various countries.

That is commonly used in governing their own country.

Nowadays, it is widely used in various countries around the world. The

democratic system of government is used in...

Self-government—

that

's a very broad term.

We've listened to it.

We then have to ask ourselves: should we believe this statement

?

And is it true? These days, it's

widely used in countries around the world. Is it

truly a democratic form of government?

We need to find out the facts first.

If it's not true, then the speaker is not telling the truth. A

simple way to answer this question is...

Let's see if there's a survey. In

this world, there is a system of governance...

Which form of government is more prevalent? That would

give students something to think about. It

provides food for thought.

That would be very helpful. The

benefits are very useful, students should observe. Let

's consider the time we spend listening to someone speak. Whether it's through

TV or online media, it's all good.

People who speak with data.

When they speak or present, it's

engaging to listen to. The

information they provide

is what builds

trust and faith in the listeners. That means the

speaker has clear evidence.

Therefore, one presentation technique

that I, as the professor, would like to recommend to students is how you introduce yourself. When

presenting something, we must always consider whether we

have the data.

For example, if

we suddenly say that currently in Thailand...

There is a very high divorce rate.

Hmm, when we hear something like that, we have to listen carefully.

Hey, which country currently has a

very high debt-to-elimination rate?

We need to ask further, does the speaker have the data?

What does the word "very tall" mean? "

Very high" means that Thailand has a high rate of... Is the

current labor-intensive care rate higher than in previous years,

or did Thailand have a high labor-intensive care rate when...?

Compared to countries like this, for example, because...

Therefore, those who speak must be aware of this. You

need to be aware of what we're talking about. Do you

have any data to support this?

Similarly, the listener or student... We

need to stay focused on what x is saying. Did

he just say that casually, or does he actually have a valid point? The

professor is in the meeting.

We are in the meeting.

Whenever someone says something, the teacher will ask if...

Let me see the other information.

Often, very often, the speaker.

Presented with one's own emotions and feelings.

When you really get to the bottom of it and ask if they have the information, the

answer is

no.

More than 50%, or over 50%,

most people just like to express their opinions.

Rather than presenting the facts.

[Coughing sound][Clears throat sound]

Prefers to express opinions rather than present facts.

Therefore, we look at it from that perspective.

If we want to be credible speakers, we... You

need to have the information on hand. We

need to have the information on hand.

If we don't have the information at hand.

We might die if we get interrogated too much.

Wow, it's true what they said, another surprising thing. It is

believed that we could vanish in the blink of an eye, and that's why

some people...

Some people always mention this when presenting something.

The numbers represent data to make it more credible. There's a

politician...

During parliamentary debates, they like to use numbers like

38.912, for

example:

38.912, 912,

Ministry budget. The

Ministry of Education currently accounts for a certain proportion of... This is

approximately the total budget.

This percentage means that, listening to the numbers, there are some figures. When the

percentage has a lot of decimal places, wow, that

means you're being incredibly detailed. That's

incredibly detailed, but why? But if it's for... A

person who is diligent in checking and verifying. So, we

'll check out that 38%, that

percentage... Is that

percentage that's the test point accurate? Is it really true? Just

to say, I want to create a sense of... He

trusted himself so much that he fabricated some numbers. It's

not trustworthy because when he first started, it might have been just one person doing it.

Unable to catch or keep up with.

Donald Trump

He's a political leader who likes to talk about himself.

Speaking of numbers, these are the people who illegally enter the country.

The United States, largely composed of people from Latin America. The

American South, you know,

often has people with criminal records.

Criminals are thieves. My

dear, they have entered our country. I

know they're all thieves. They

have to be arrested, and once they're arrested, they have to stay in the country.

Outside the country, that

is, the

leader, when he says anything...

When a leader says something... It's

like sending a signal to the operators.

Go and put it into practice.

According to their own beliefs and opinions.

Therefore, we will see agencies that perform this function.

Regarding

immigration matters,

currently known as IC, which

is an abbreviation for

Immigration and Customs Enforcement.

Wait a minute,

IC

customs enforcement, which is the work that is done.

Duties related to immigration control. It's

the city, regarding the customs checkpoints.

Currently, this agency is a government agency.

Trump has been widely criticized in America.

Speaking of the number of immigrants, the majority are these... They

are people who entered illegally. They are

all taxpayers. So, I guess that's

right, this Ice thing... They

send people to inspect different places, make arrests, and so on. Some of them are

citizens, some have received citizenship. Even

Americans can get arrested.

Some of them were the same people who were sent out.

Outside the country, it would be wrong [coughing sound], meaning the leader's words are

like a signal for those carrying out the

operation. The

officials in Haig then went on a big rampage.

Lately, incidents have occurred in many places, and they have

involved violent methods. A

method of judging force without considering the facts or data. Is that really

true? That's

very dangerous. So, when you're giving a speech or introducing something, be careful. Like this,

for example: There's

no evidence to make such generalizations.

This leads to people acting that way.

Having a mindset means having a different way of thinking, and then taking action. In

practice, they would act the same way as someone who lives separately.

Everyone who comes to the United States is a citizen. It's

very scary. I recently

found out about this. The

professor just checked the news and

found out that there's a really

good social media user.

Those who like to post on social media. And then they

talk, and I have to use the word "cursing," they

curse at this person and

that person in Thailand.

That person, sorry, the word "ice" (or "censored").

Let me add one more point.

Add another dot.

You know that this social media influencer has now been arrested by ICE and

has been detained for 3 weeks. I

understand he will be extradited. The

country is considered a threat to the security of the

United States.

Sometimes people act

too recklessly,
